TBS Reg inline hook and progressive profile support (#3294)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/registration-hook/index.md

For information on the API for registering external service endpoints with Okta, see [Inline Hooks Management API](/docs/reference/api/inline-hooks/).

For steps to enable this Inline Hook, see [Enabling a Registration Inline Hook](#enable-a-registration-inline-hook-in-okta-identity-engine). <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>

> For an example implementation of this Inline Hook, see [Configure a Registration Inline Hook](/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/nodejs/main/).

Author: Yes, good catch. Reverted back at Brian's request to be aligned with the other hook guides (for now).

You can only set values for profile fields which already exist in your Okta user profile schema: Registration Inline Hook functionality can only set values; it cannot create new fields.

### data.UserProfileUpdate

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>

This object appears in Progressive Profile requests from Okta.  The object contains the delta between existing name-value pairs and the attributes your end user wants to update.

> **Note:** You can also allow end users to update non-sensitive attributes in addition to the delta attributes Okta sends in the request.

> Using the `com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update` command you send in your response, you can progressively change the values of delta attributes in the user's Okta profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update` command in your response to progressively change the values of delta attributes in the user's Okta profile.
```

### data.action

> > **Note:** The `data.action` object can appear in both  SSR and Progressive Profile requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `data.action` object can appear in both SSR and Progressive Profile requests.
```

Using the `com.okta.action.update` [command](#supported-commands) in your response, you can change the action that Okta will take.

### data.context.user

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>

> ## Objects in response you send

Reviewer: This sounds awkward. What about "Response objects that you send"?

> ## Objects in response you send

Author: ```suggestion
## Response objects that you send
```

| Command                      | Description                                                  |
|------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|

> | com.okta.user.profile.update | Change values of attributes in the user's Okta user profile. For SSR only. Invalid if used with a Progressive Profile response.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| com.okta.user.profile.update | Change attribute values in the user's Okta user profile. For SSR only. Invalid if used with a Progressive Profile response.  |
```

| com.okta.action.update       | Allow or deny the user's registration.                       |

> | com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update   | Change values of attributes in the user's Okta Progressive Profile (Okta Identity Engine only). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update   | Change attribute values in the user's Okta Progressive Profile. <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> |
```

To set attributes in the user's Okta profile, supply a type property set to `com.okta.user.profile.update`, together with a `value` property set to a list of key-value pairs corresponding to the Okta user profile attributes you want to set. The attributes must already exist in your user profile schema.

To explicitly allow or deny registration to the user, supply a type property set to `com.okta.action.update`, together with a value property set to `{"registration": "ALLOW"}` or `{"registration": "DENY"}`. The default is to allow registration.

> In Okta Identity Engine, to set attributes in the user's Okta progressive profile, supply a type property set to `com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update`, together with a `value` property set to a list of key-value pairs corresponding to the progressive profile  attributes you want to set. See [Registration Inline Hook - Send response](/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/nodejs/main/#send-response) for more information. <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />

Reviewer: Should we capitalize "Okta progressive profile"? It's capitalized in the previous section.
Remove the extra space after `progressive profile  attributes`

> In Okta Identity Engine, to set attributes in the user's Okta progressive profile, supply a type property set to `com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update`, together with a `value` property set to a list of key-value pairs corresponding to the progressive profile  attributes you want to set. See [Registration Inline Hook - Send response](/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/nodejs/main/#send-response) for more information. <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />

Author: ```suggestion
In Okta Identity Engine, to set attributes in the user's profile, supply a type property set to `com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update`, together with a `value` property set to a list of key-value pairs corresponding to the Progressive Enrollment attributes you want to set. See [Registration Inline Hook - Send response](/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/nodejs/main/#send-response) for more information. <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />
```

> Commands are applied in the order in which they appear in the array. Within a single `com.okta.user.profile.update` or `com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update` command, attributes are updated in the order in which they appear in the `value` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands are applied in the order that they appear in the array. Within a single `com.okta.user.profile.update` or `com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update` command, attributes are updated in the order that they appear in the `value` object.
```

> You can never use a command to update the user's password, but you are allowed to set the values of attributes other than password that are designated sensitive in your Okta user schema. However, the values of those sensitive attributes, if included as fields in the Profile Enrollment form, are not included in the `data.userProfile` object sent to your external service by Okta. See [data.userProfile](#data-userProfile) above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can never use a command to update the user's password, but you are allowed to set the values of attributes other than password that are designated sensitive in your Okta user schema. However, the values of those sensitive attributes, if included as fields in the Profile Enrollment form, are not included in the `data.userProfile` object sent to your external service by Okta. See [data.userProfile](#data-userProfile).
```

}
```

## Enable a Registration Inline Hook in Okta Identity Engine

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>

To activate the Inline Hook, you first need to register your external service endpoint with Okta; see [Inline Hook Setup](/docs/concepts/inline-hooks/#inline-hooks_setup).

You must [enable and configure a Profile Enrollment policy](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-create-profile-enrollment) to implement a Registration Inline Hook.

> > **Note:** Profile Enrollment and Registration Inline Hooks are only supported by the [Okta Sign-In Widget](/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/) version 4.5 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Profile Enrollment and Registration Inline Hooks are only supported by the [Okta Sign-In Widget](/docs/guides/archive-embedded-siw/) version 4.5 or later.
```

To associate the Registration Inline Hook with your Profile Enrollment policy:

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Security > Profile Enrollment**.

1. Click the Pencil icon to edit the policy and associate it with your Registration Inline Hook.

1. In **Profile enrollment**, click **Edit**.

1. Select **Allowed** for **Self-service registration**.

> 1. In **Inline hook**, from the drop-down menu select the hook that you set up and activated. See [Set up and activate the Registration Inline Hook](/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/nodejs/main/#set-up-and-activate-the-registration-inline-hook).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the **Inline hook** dropdown menu, select the hook that you set up and activated. See [Set up and activate the Registration Inline Hook](/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/nodejs/main/#set-up-and-activate-the-registration-inline-hook).
```

   > **Note:** You can associate only one Inline Hook at a time with your Profile Enrollment policy.

> 1. In **Run this hook**, select when you want your inline hook to run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Run this hook**, select when you want your Inline Hook to run:
```
matching previous "Inline Hook" reference
